
                       The History and Romance of
                            Air Mail Stamps


                           _By Emil Bruechig_


                             EMIL BRUECHIG
                            522 FIFTH AVENUE
                          NEW YORK CITY, N. Y.
                    CABLE ADDRESS: “BRUECHIG,” N. Y.

                             COPYRIGHT 1936
                                   BY
                             EMIL BRUECHIG


The history of the flying machine reaches back as far as the earliest of
man’s written records of his thoughts and ambitions. And one can only
surmise how long ago it must have been, in the dim unchronicled past,
when the idea of human flight first suggested itself to our ancestors.

¶ The ancient mythology of the Greeks reveals an interest in this
problem. The philosophers who lived when Rome was ruler of the world,
and the alchemists of the middle ages have left time-stained parchments
of their thoughts and theories about artificial flight.

¶ And even today, after centuries of trial and error have brought an
intangible dream to a streamlined actuality, the glamour and marvel of
aviation still grips the minds of men. Hardly any device which humanity
has fashioned has taken so lengthy a time to accomplish and, after being
achieved, has been able to hold its place in the sun—in war and in
peace.

¶ For it was war that brought the rapid development of the airplane into
a machine that is serving man so capably as a peace-time vehicle.
Bringing serum to the critically ill; winging food to flooded and
snow-bound areas; transporting people over thousands of miles in a
single day; and speeding up the wheels of commerce with its mail
carriers; these are but a few of the almost magical feats which aviation
has made possible.

¶ And, better than volumes of words could describe, one will find this
vast panorama of man’s struggle for mastery over the air pictured in
glowing colors and realistic scenes on the hundreds of air mail stamps
which have been issued by almost all countries of the world.

¶ There is a tale of danger and daring behind each square of tinted
paper, a pulse-quickening story of crossing fever-ridden jungles,
battling treacherous, snow-clad mountain peaks, and risking the mocking
death of desert wastes.

¶ It takes no great stretch of the imagination to visualize the
magnitude and grace of the Zeppelins as pictured on the German air mail
stamps. From afar, one seems to hear the deep-throated roar of the great
engines and the whistle of the wind as it strums along the wires. The
great “Graf,” air-traveler supreme, is flying before your eyes!

¶ One needs no trip to the Mediterranean to see the blue of its waters
and the gold of its sun. The Grecian issue with an indescribable
delicacy of line and color suffices. The ruins of the Acropolis, perched
on their hilly site, before a background of cloud-studded skies, seem
but a step away.

¶ But to single out stamps here and there does not do full justice to
this theme—the myriad perfection of air mail stamps as a pictorial
record of a great triumph must be viewed in a more methodical manner,
and more broadly, as a grand mural of many events.

¶ Beginning with the fabulous flight of Daedalus and his son Icarus, on
wings made of wax and feathers, we can follow the story of aviation on
air mail stamps. We see the Roman philosopher, Virgil, on an Italian
adhesive, gazing at a gliding eagle and remarking prophetically, “I
assign limits neither to the extent nor the duration of the empire.”

¶ Even Leonardo Da Vinci, while creating paintings of undying fame, must
have spent many an hour musing on the possibilities of flight by
artificial means. His ideas were so detailed that he drew a plan of a
glider which, although never constructed in wood and fabric, embodies
several fundamental features of aero-dynamics.

¶ The progress of aviation was rutted in this theoretical stage,
however, for hundreds of years. Many problems, some of them still
unthought of, had to be overcome before controlled flight was a reality.

¶ Ballooning, of course, had developed steadily after the epochal
success of the Montgolfier brothers in 1783. In the latter part of the
nineteenth century, Alberto Santos-Dumont began experimenting with
dirigibles. His early attempts were made with non-rigid balloons, and we
can see one of this Brazilian’s ships circling the Eiffel Tower of
Paris, on a stamp issued by his native land.

¶ The event pictured took place on October 19, 1901, before a group of
officials of the French Aero Club who were there to award a prize of
100,000 francs if Santos-Dumont could successfully fly from the Aero
Club Park to the Eiffel Tower and return. Several previous attempts had
resulted in failure, but this day the craft made the first lap of the
journey without mishap.

¶ At a fairly high altitude the balloon rounded the tower at its very
tip, but as soon as the nose pointed homeward, a strong wind struck it,
slowing the motor to such an extent that it almost stopped. For the
moment Santos-Dumont was between the devil and the deep blue sea. If he
loosened his control from the steering lever to adjust the carburetor,
the balloon might swing wild. But the fates were kind that day—his ship
sailed on as he tinkered with the spark and brought his sputtering motor
back to a healthy roar.

¶ On he sailed, over the Bois, then over the throngs at the Auteuil
race-track while precious minutes were ticking on. He had to complete
the voyage in a half hour and only a few moments remained of this
allotted time.

¶ The dirigible wobbled, it swung up and then down, the engine wheezed
and coughed—but Santos-Dumont kept his eyes fixed on the goal. The
cheers of the crowd rose into the air and then died to a whisper as
nerves became rigid with suspense. It wasn’t a question whether he would
make it, now, but whether he would do it on time. For the minutes were
flying faster than the ship—at last he passed over Longchamps, the Seine
was crossed, and finally Santos-Dumont sailed by over the heads of the
French Aero Club officials. The line had been crossed—and the flight
completed in twenty-nine minutes and thirty seconds!

¶ Another countryman of this successful aeronaut was Augusto Severo who
built a much larger balloon than had ever been attempted up to that
time. “The Pax” which has been illustrated on an air stamp crashed,
however, dashing Severo and his mechanic to a horrible death. The
unfortunate airman struck the earth with such terrific force that the
bones of his feet were forced through the soles of his boots.

¶ To Count Ferdinand von Zeppelin, though, goes the greatest honors for
bringing this type of aircraft to a really practical development. After
a hectic, military life during which he served the Union cause in the
Civil War under the immortal Lincoln, he retired to dream about the
vision that had lived with him since youth. To build rigid balloons, to
put a skeleton of metal under a hood of fabric was his contribution to
this science.

¶ Count Zeppelin was 61 years of age when his first great airliner was
finished, a ship over 400 feet long and 38 feet in diameter. This was by
far the largest dirigible ever built up to that time, and thousands of
people flocked to witness its first flight in July, 1899. Journalists,
peasants, scientists, men and women of all ages and interests came to
see this huge sausage-shaped balloon navigate through space.

¶ The morning of that epochal day was clear and bright, as bright as the
feverish glint in Zeppelin’s eyes, as, with poorly-concealed excitement,
he tested ropes and wires, and examined the hundred-and-one vital parts
of the L. Z. 1. The great crowds that surged about the lake stood in
hushed awe as he came out of the hangar after the inspection was
completed, and reverently bowed his head in silent prayer. A few moments
later, the roar of two powerful motors went echoing over the waters of
Lake Constance, and slowly the dirigible glided from the cavernous
depths of its hangar. And then, with a serene indifference, the L. Z. 1
floated upward, higher, higher into the full glare of the sun.

¶ While wave after wave of full-throated cheers announced to the world a
triumphant achievement, the airship traveled three and a half miles.
Seventeen minutes later, it descended safely at Immenstadt.

¶ The air mail stamps existing today bear witness to the importance of
this accomplishment. Dozens of them picture the great Zeppelins from
their early beginnings to their present state of perfection. Tableaus
depicting them over the polar regions, and topping the crags of mountain
ranges, and even in the process of construction form a visual history of
the balloon.

¶ And now the Wright brothers come to the fore! After years of patient
experimenting, these humble bicycle builders from Dayton, Ohio, launched
a ’plane powered with a gasoline engine upon a startled world. On the
bleak sands of Kitty Hawk, Orville and Wilbur Wright had seen their
efforts crowned with success. Aviation had taken its biggest step
forward.

¶ The Wright ’plane’s successful performance, which is shown on a
two-cent U. S. stamp of 1928, gave new impetus to this branch of
aeronautics.

¶ And Santos-Dumont, apparently forsaking the lighter-than-air vessels
that had occupied his earlier years, followed the trail blazed by these
two Americans. In 1906 he perfected a biplane glider which rose from
water and flew. This flight which was staged in Paris, the scene of most
of the Brazilian’s experiments, was the first official European
ascension of a heavier-than-air craft.

¶ Flying, by this time, had become a more practical affair. With the
elemental principles understood and conquered, minor improvements were
developed as a result of ever-widening experience. In the summer of
1909, Bleriot crossed the English Channel in a frail monoplane and
received an ovation almost as great as that accorded Lindbergh for his
daring feat.

¶ But before Lindbergh could take a ’plane from New York to Paris in one
triumphant jump, years had to pass, years of war that spread havoc and
desolation throughout the world. But from the embers of that
conflagration one thing, at least, emerged with greater glory. While
guns and ammunition were dumped in the sea, and warships scrapped, the
airplane rose in the eyes of the world to a new height of importance.

¶ For the war had wrought a great change in this device—no longer were
’planes but the playthings of a few, but servants that could serve a
world!

¶ Today we can see on the air mail stamps of Spain, of Brazil, and the
African Congo, portraits of the early craft—and by turning a few leaves
of the album, can view the wartime “devils of the air”—the D. H. 4’s,
the Curtiss “Jennies,” and the deadly Fokkers.

¶ Soon after the great conflict had ended, the hundreds of daring airmen
who found themselves footloose, began to gamble their lives against a
new element. Where formerly they had defied machine-gun bullets, they
now pitted their skill against the hazards of sea and jungle.

¶ The London “Daily Mail” had offered a handsome prize of ten thousand
pounds for the first successful dash across the Atlantic Ocean. Having
this as a powerful incentive, two intrepid flyers, Major Harry G. Hawker
and Commander K. Mackenzie Grieve, were striving to be the first to span
this dangerous trail with a non-stop flight.

¶ On the morning of Sunday, May 18, 1919, while the populace of
Newfoundland’s capital were sunk in slumber, these two men trundled
forth their frail Sopwith biplane and launched it over the turbulent
sea, a desert of water that would menace them for thousands of miles.
According to available records, they soon had the ill fortune to be
caught in a series of storms. In Hawker’s own story of the flight, he
states that after these will-o-the-wisp squalls had been overcome, the
cooling system began to clog. In a few moments, the temperature of the
water spurted to the boiling point.

¶ By diving quickly several times, Hawker managed to free the flow
momentarily, but this expedient soon proved useless as the trouble
became more acute. With its cooling agency crippled, the engine balked.
Hawker declared that when the motor had gone dead, they suffered some
nerve-racking seconds as the sea came toward them at a smashing speed.

¶ But Grieve climbed to the forward part of the ship, near the gasoline
tank, and furiously worked to bring life back to the stilled engine.
Despite Hawker’s best efforts to check the fall, they were dropping
steadily and, according to his statement, were but twenty feet above the
sea when the cylinders spluttered. Only ten feet when the motor took up
its full load again.

¶ Knowing that their only hope was to sight a vessel, they searched
frantically for one through the gathering dusk. At last when things
seemed rather bleak, a Danish freighter, the “Mary,” was espied by the
anxious airmen and after twelve hundred arduous miles of flying, they
landed to be rescued by this good Samaritan of the sea.

¶ Soon after, another team of aviators, Alcock and Brown, took off from
the same soil, and sixteen hours from Newfoundland, they were circling
over Clifden, on the west coast of Ireland. Many a son of Erin’s Sabbath
peace was rudely shattered as this great Vickers-Vimy bomber came
droning out of the sky to bury its nose deep in an Irish bog. The “Daily
Mail” prize of ten thousand pounds was theirs, and an appropriate
trophy, commemorating this feat, was also presented to Alcock and Brown.

¶ Others still followed the path of the North Atlantic, even though the
incentive of the prize money had been removed. Admiral Sir Mark Kerr,
Captain Boyd, Chamberlain and Levine, and De Pinedo were but a few of
those who followed in the wake of the triumphant Alcock.

¶ All these pioneering flights, with their attendant narratives of death
and danger, are recorded on the air mail stamps of Newfoundland. The
’planes they used, and the routes the fliers followed are pictured for
all time on these mute bits of postal paper.

¶ After Lindbergh had made his Atlantic voyage, he hopped off on his
famous Pan-American tour. And as he flew from country to country, he
left behind a trail of philatelic mementos of this venture. Costa Rica,
Panama, and Cuba, to mention but a few countries, issued special stamps
to honor his visits.

¶ Exploration, too, has been immeasurably aided by the airplane and one
case in point is the Amundsen-Ellsworth expedition of 1925, a polar trip
which has been chronicled by a Norwegian set of air mail stamps.

¶ Their journey started on the afternoon of May 21, 1925, when two
Dornier-Wal flying-boats rose from the waters of Kings Bay, Spitzbergen,
and headed for the North Pole. With motors roaring in unison, the flight
got under way auspiciously.

¶ After traversing six hundred miles, the navigators calculated that
their position should be directly above the North Pole, but a strong
wind had been blowing, which had driven them unawares over a hundred
miles off their course.

¶ In landing their ships, however, through the jagged fissures of open
ice, both ’planes were damaged. Amundsen, Ellsworth and the crew
realized that their only hope of salvation lay in repairing at least one
of the ships. A couple of weeks passed before this task was
accomplished, and only completed in that length of time through almost
superhuman endeavor.

¶ To effect a take-off, a smooth plateau of ice had to be found and
small scouting parties discovered a large floe for this purpose, but it
was a half mile from their ’plane. And between that broad field of ice
and the Dornier-Wal, there rose a high ridge, and a bit further on, a
deep chasm gouged across the trail.

¶ But to this handful of men, necessity was a taskmaster that bade them
conquer all the hazards that an angry Arctic hurled against them. With
nothing but primitive tools, Amundsen’s party hacked a passage through
the fifteen-foot thickness of the ice-ridge, a passage wide enough to
accommodate the great wing-span of their craft.

¶ At last, all perils were overcome and the crew piled into the ship,
dumping every unnecessary article from the ’plane to lighten the load.
The motors were started. With a surge the ship moved forward—it
bumped—it swayed—it traveled 300 meters—then 400—and at last it tore
itself from the ice and flew!

¶ That evening the adventurers were picked up by a cruising steamer and
returned safely to their homeland—leaving another Arctic adventure
behind them.

¶ And so we can see, in a never-ending panorama, the story of flight on
air mail stamps. Twenty-eight hundred stamps have been issued,
approximately, and one by one they add color and zest to this
adventurous story.

¶ The round-the-world trampings of the “Graf” Zeppelin, the never-ending
stream of long-distance flights, the break-neck air races at Cleveland,
the wanderings of the DO-X, and the gigantic air armada of Balbo—all are
chronicled on air mail stamps. And even while they portray the struggles
of the past, they also prophesy still greater triumphs for the future.

¶ The thousands of air mail collectors, drawn from all walks of life
including Emperors, Presidents, and leaders of industry, bear witness to
the fascination of this hobby. Besides being an interesting avocation,
however, the collecting of mint air mail stamps excels most gilt-edged
securities when considered from a purely investment point of view.

¶ This might seem to be a rash statement, but the history of the past
few years has irrefutably proven it to be true. While statistics are
usually dry-as-dust things, let us examine a few. They will, in this
case, prove as exciting to the collector as his air stamps themselves.

¶ First, consider the age-old economic law of supply and demand. In the
case at hand, we find the demand for stamps so deep-seated and secure
that it literally stretches from the cradle to the grave. From the
business transacted by government agencies and the multitude of dealers
in philatelic merchandise, authorities have estimated that five out of
every hundred people, both here and abroad, are stamp collectors. Such a
computation means, that in the United States alone, well over 5,000,000
people pursue this hobby.

¶ There are scores of philatelic publications, both weekly and monthly,
which boast appreciable circulations paid for by popular subscription.
By the “movie” newsreels publicizing new stamp issues, and metropolitan
newspapers featuring a regular column on this subject, one can easily
realize that this vast network for the dissemination of stamp
information must reach a tremendous audience. And this Gargantuan
following was not built in a day, a year, or a decade. No, for well over
a half-century has gone into its making.

¶ This hobby was almost as firmly established before the dawn of the
gas-lit nineties as it is today. Its vast army of adherents prove that
stamp collecting is no fad, no fleeting joy-of-the-moment, but that it
can be rightfully called the universal hobby.

¶ Placed squarely against the problem of demand is the question of
supply. It is, of course, simple economics to understand that when the
demand for something is greater than the supply, the value rises
accordingly. And the wider the difference between these two poles, the
greater will be the appreciation in value.

¶ Unused air mail stamps fit such a situation admirably. For these
special adhesives are seldom printed in large quantities. Because their
use is limited, in the majority of cases, to prepaying matter carried by
airplane, issues of stamps in lots of less than 100,000 copies are the
rule, rather than the exception. Quite frequently, the smaller
governments will confine a special issue to five or ten thousands
copies—a fact which means that on this broad globe of ours only a
handful of people can ever hope to own such a specimen, regardless of
their wealth or position in life. And this number of possible possessors
is materially lessened because of the fact that most specialists build
their collections with blocks of four stamps of each issue as well as
single copies.

¶ Looking back only three short years ago at the prices which air mail
stamps commanded during the spring of 1933, the reader will quickly
realize the soundness of the foregoing remarks. Ascribe it to what you
will: their popularity, their intriguing history, or their limited
supply—one principal fact will stand out. The simple fact that air mail
stamps have, as a whole since this time, _doubled_ in value, with many
instances of issues which trebled and quadrupled their former price.

¶ For the purpose of illustration, we can choose a few air mail
adhesives issued by our own government for no one could question the
integrity behind the postal paper of the United States. The first
triumvirate of values brought out in 1918 was in six, sixteen, and
twenty-four cent denominations. During April of 1933, the market price
for this set was $2.50. Today, it is offered at $4.00.

¶ The 1923 set, however, shows a much greater appreciation in value when
percentage of increase is considered. On the date mentioned above, this
issue sold for $1.25, and today commands at least $3.00 for fine
specimens. And the famous “Graf Zeppelin” issue has soared from $10.00
in 1933 to a present-day figure which varies from $35.00 to $40.00 per
set, depending upon condition.

¶ And to bring the reader still another amazing instance, we can refer
to the special stamp printed in October, 1933, in commemoration of the
Century of Progress flight made by the Graf Zeppelin. Just about two and
a half years have passed since this fifty cent adhesive left the
printing presses at the Bureau of Engraving. Today, copies of it are
bringing $3.00, with many dealers unable to supply them at that price
because of their scarcity and unabated demand.

¶ We could, without question, continue this parade of statistics through
the entire list of air stamps issued by all countries of the world, but
lack the space to make such a lengthy comparison. If, however, any
reader has any lingering doubts, we invite him to make a complete
check-up. To his amazement, we can foretell, he will find that our
statements are conservative indeed.

¶ Of course, the racketeer, the bucket-shop, and the confidence-man, to
mention but a few, are types of vicious parasites that fasten themselves
on legitimate business, and prey on the unwary, doing as much harm to
the honest merchant as to the swindled purchaser. And, we must admit,
that the philatelic business is no exception to this rule.

¶ It is regrettable that while people know they cannot buy diamonds in a
five-and-ten cent store, yet they will, time and again, be persuaded to
buy philatelic merchandise from doubtful sources at “bargain” prices. A
forgery is no bargain at any price as many a collector has learned to
his embarrassment and dismay, when a counterfeit specimen is discovered
in his album. And, strange as it may seem, these tricksters of the trade
do not confine themselves to counterfeiting the rarities alone, but lend
their shady talents to duplicating the low-priced issues also.

¶ When dealing with errors, especially, one must exercise care and
judgment before purchasing. While genuine errors do make a collection
distinctive and complete, yet they should only be acquired after an
acknowledged specialist has guaranteed their authenticity.

¶ The House of Emil Bruechig can rightfully offer such a guarantee.
Having served collectors in all parts of the globe for many years, and
always maintaining a complete stock of air mail stamps, including many
rarities and errors, we stand squarely behind every item we sell. As our
old friends know, and our new friends will discover, their air mail
stamps are always genuine and of superior quality, when they bear the
insignia of:

                                BRUECHIG
                    _The Guarantee of Satisfaction_

    [Illustration: EVOLUTION OF THE AIRPLANE]

    [Illustration: AIRPLANES OVER THE WORLD]

    [Illustration: (continued)]

    [Illustration: DEVELOPMENT OF THE DIRIGIBLE
    TWO FAMOUS TRANS-ATLANTIC FLIGHTS]




                                 NOTES


¶ All stamps listed in this price-list are identified by numbers from
Scott’s Standard Postage Stamp Catalogue, followed by the numbers from
the Standard Catalogue of Air Post Stamps.

                            * * * * * * * *

¶ Specialists are invited to send us their want-lists, as we have a
varied and large stock of errors and unique items which lack of space
prevents listing in the following columns.

                            * * * * * * * *

¶All stamps listed are guaranteed to be genuine and of superior quality.
Approval selections will gladly be sent to all persons either personally
known to us, or those submitting recognized references.

                            * * * * * * * *

¶ Prices quoted are net, but a discount of 5% will be allowed on
purchases ranging from $100.00 to $1,000.00. On purchases larger than
this, a discount of 10% will be granted.

                            * * * * * * * *

¶ Remittances may be made by Money Order or personal check. Cash is sent
at sender’s risk, and should always be registered. Postage charges are
extra on purchases of less than one dollar.

  _Year_   _Scott   _Airpost         _Description_         _Single_ _Block_
            Cat._     Cat._
                               _UNITED STATES_

  1918    1300      1         6¢ Orange                         .75     3.75
          1301      2         16¢ Green                        3.00    15.00
          1302      3         24¢ Carmine rose and blue        1.00     5.00
                              Set of three                     4.25    20.00
  1923    1303      4         8¢ Green                          .25     1.25
          1304      5         16¢ Blue                         1.60     7.50
          1305      6         24¢ Carmine                      1.60     7.50
                              Set of three                     3.25    16.00
  1926-27 1306      7         10¢ Dark blue                     .15      .75
          1307      8         15¢ Olive brown                   .25     1.25
          1308      9         20¢ Yellow green                  .30     1.50
                              Set of three                      .65     3.25
  1927    1309      10        10¢ Dark blue                     .15      .75
  1928    1310      11        5¢ Carmine and blue               .08      .35
          649       12        2¢ Carmine rose                   .06      .25
          650       13        5¢ Blue                           .20     1.00
                              Set of two                        .25     1.25
  1930    1311      14        5¢ Violet                         .10      .50
          1312      15        65¢ Green
          1313      16        $1.30 Brown
          1314      17        $2.60 Blue
                              Set of three                    40.00   180.00
  1931-32 1315      18        5¢ Violet                         .08      .35
          1316      19        8¢ Olive bistre                   .10      .50
  1933    1317      20        50¢ Green                        3.00    12.50
  1934    1318      21        6¢ Dull orange                    .09      .45
          1400      22        16¢ Dark blue                     .20     1.00
  1935    771       23        16¢ Dark blue                     .40     1.75
          1319      24        25¢ Blue                          .30     1.20
  1936    1401      25        16¢ Red and blue                  .20      .90
  1929    2900      100       5¢ Blue on white                  .10
  1932    2901      101       8¢ Olive green on white           .16
  1934    2902      102       6¢ Orange on white                .09

                               _AEGEAN ISLANDS_

  1930    151-3     1-3       5c-5L/2L                         1.00     6.00
          154-7     4-7       500-9L/2L                        1.60     6.40
  1932    158-63    8-13      50c-10L/2L50                     3.85    16.00
          164-8     14-18     50c-5L/1L                        3.00    12.00
          300-1     19-20     2L25L/1L, 4L50/1L50              3.25    14.50
          169       21        100L                            12.00    48.00
  1933    170-5     22-27     3L-20L                           5.75    23.00
          176-7     28-29     5.25L/19.75L, 5.25L/44.75L       6.25    25.00
  1934    151-4     50c-5L    50c-5L Rodi                      1.35     7.50
          178-81    34-37     50c-10L/5L                       1.40     5.60
  1935    182-8,    38-46     25c-4L50/2L                     10.00    40.00
          302, 3

                                 _ALAOUITES_

  1925    201-204   1-4       2pi-10pi                         2.00    10.00
          205-208   5-8       2pi-10pi                          .35     1.75
  1926    209-212   13-16     2pi-10pi                          .30     1.40
  1928    213-216   17-20     2pi-10pi                        17.50    70.00
  1929    217-220   21-24     Op50-15pi                         .65     2.75
  1930    221       25        2pi/1p25                          .04      .20

                                  _ALBANIA_

  1925    601-7     1-7       5q-3F                            1.90     9.50
  1927    608-14    8-14      5q-3F                            3.60    15.00
  1928    615-21    15-21     5q-3F                            7.00    30.00
  1929    622-25    22-25     5q-50q                           4.00    16.00
          622-28    22-28     5q-3F                           65.00   300.00
  1930    629-35    29-35     5q-3F                            1.50     6.00
  1931    636-42    36-42     5q-3F                            2.75    11.00

                                 _ARGENTINE_

  1928    501-19    1-19      5c-3p60                          7.00    28.00
  1930    520-24    20-24     200-2p60                        13.00    65.00
          525-28    25-28     20c-1p                           4.50    25.00
          525-29    25-29     20c-1p80                        30.00   150.00
  1931    530-34    31-35     18c-3p60                         3.50    14.00
  1932    535-37    36-38     5c-90c                            .80     3.25

                                 _AUSTRALIA_

  1929    301       2         3p                                .15      .60
  1931    111-12    3-4       2p, 3p                            .20      .85
          302       5         6p                                .35     1.50
          303       6         6p                                .20      .80
  1934    304       7         1sh6p                             .45     2.00
  1930              50        3p                               5.00    25.00
  1931    401-2     51-52     2p, 3p                          12.00    60.00
          451       53        6p                                .20      .85

                                  _AUSTRIA_

  1918    675-77    1-3       1k50-4k                           .90     4.50
  1922-24 678-85    4-11      300k-4800k                        .90     3.75
  1925-30 686-95    12-21     2g-2s                            1.80    10.00
  1926    696-702   22-28     10g-10s                          5.25    22.50
  1930    703-5     29-31     20g-80g                           .30     1.25
  1935    706-20    32-46     5g-10S                           6.00    25.00

                                  _BELGIUM_

  1930    831-34    1-4       50c-5F                            .60     2.60
          835       5         5F                                .80     4.00
  1932    251-3     6-8       75c-2F50                          .75     3.00
  1935    836-37    9-10      1F/1F50-4F/5F                     .45     1.90

                                  _BOLIVIA_

  1924    301-7     1-7       10c-5b                           5.00    20.00
  1928    308-10    8-10      15c-35c                           .35     1.75
  1930    311-18    11-18     5c/10c-1B (6 values)            15.00    75.00
          313       13        10c                            150.00 1,000.00
          317       17        50c                            150.00 1,000.00
          319-23    19-23     5c/10c-1B                       80.00   325.00
          324-26    24-26     1b50/15c-6b/35c                  7.50    30.00
          327-34    27-34     5c-3b                            5.00    25.00
  1932    335-41    35-41     5c-1b                            1.50     7.50
  1935    342-51    42-51     5c-1b                            2.00     8.00

                                   _BRAZIL_

  1927    901-16    1-17      50r/10c-10,000r/1,000,000r      10.00    40.00
                              (16 values)
          906a      7         500r/10r                        40.00   200.00
  1930    917-25    19-27     50r-3000r                        2.75    11.00
  1931    926-27    28-29     2,500r/200r-5,000r/300r          1.25     6.00
          928       30        2,500r/3,000r                     .60     3.00
  1932    929-30    31-32     3,500r/5,000r-7,000r/10,000r     1.50     7.50
  1933    931       33        3,500r                            .45     2.00
          932       34        100r                              .03      .15
  1934    933-38    35-40     50r-1,000r                        .75     3.00
          386       41        200r                              .05      .20

                                  _BULGARIA_

  1927-28 801-4     1-4       2L-1L/6L                         1.00     4.00
  1931    805-11    5-11      1L-50L                           2.00     8.00
  1932    812-14    12-14     18L-28L                          2.00     8.00

                                   _CANADA_

  1928    501       1         5c                                .08      .40
  1930    502       2         5c                                .08      .40
  1932    503       3         6c on 5c                          .10      .50
          504       4         6c on 5c                          .15      .75
  1935    505       5         6c                                .09      .36

                                 _CANAL ZONE_

  1929    201-2     1-2       15c, 25c                          .60     2.00
          203-4     3-4       10c, 20c                          .45     1.80
  1931    205-10    5-10      5c-$1                            2.50    10.00

                                   _CHILE_

  1928    601-9     6-14      20c-50c                          3.50    14.00
          610       15        3p on 5c                         5.00    25.00
  1929    611       16        6p on 10c                       10.00    40.00
          612       17        10p                              1.75     7.00
  1929-31 613-19    18-23     20c-1p                           2.50    10.00
          620       24        2p                                .50     2.50
          621       24a       5p                                .50     2.00
  1931    623-30    25-32     5c-5p                            2.25     9.50
  1932    631       33        1p                                .60     2.50
          632       34        5p                                .60     2.50
                    36        50c                               .05      .20
  1934-35 641,      35, 47-51 10c-80c (6 values)                .40     1.60
          46-50
          633-45    37-46,    1p-50p (12 values)              14.00    68.00
                    52, 53
  1936              54        50c                               .05      .25

                                   _CHINA_

  1921    651-55    1-5       15c-90c                          3.75    18.00
  1929    656-60    6-10      15c-90c                          1.75     6.50
  1932    661-66    11-15     15c-90c                          1.50     6.00
  1933    667-69    16-18     25c-100c                         1.50     6.00

                            _OFFICES IN SIN KIANG_

  1932    1900      19        5c                             175.00   750.00
          1901      20        10c                            175.00   750.00
          1902      21        15c                          2,000.00
          1903      22        30c                          2,000.00

                                  _CILICIA_

  1920    171-2     1-2       2pi/15c, 5pi/40c               300.00 1,000.00

                             _COLOMBIAN REPUBLIC_

  1919    481       1         2c                             500.00
  1932    482-94,   125-138   5c-5p, 20c                      13.00    55.00
          99
  1933    495-498   139-142   10c/50c-30c/2p                   3.00    17.50

                                   _CONGO_

  1920    501-4     1-4       50c-5F                            .40     1.75
  1930    505-6     5-6       15F-30F                          2.00     8.00
  1934    507-515   7-15      50c-50F                          5.50    22.00

                                 _COSTA RICA_

  1926    301       1         20c                               .10      .40
  1928    147       2         10c on 12c                        .75     3.00
  1930    302-5     3-6       10c-1C                            .75     3.00
          306-9     7-10      8c-1C                            1.25     5.00
  1932    310       11        5c on 10c                         .05      .20
                    12-14     2c-5c 1st ptg.                  18.00    75.00
          311-13    15-17     2c-5c 2nd ptg.                   5.50    22.00
          314       18        40c                               .20     1.00
  1934    315-27    18-30     5c-10C                           6.75    27.00
          525-37    100-12    5c-10C                           6.00    25.00

                                    _CUBA_

  1927    701       1         5c                                .10      .50
  1928    702       2         5c                                .15      .75
  1930    703       3         10c on 25c                        .20      .80
  1931    704-11    4-11      5c-1p                            3.75    15.00
  1931-32 712-15    12-15     5c-50c                           1.15     4.75
  1935    716-17    16-17     10c on 10c Perf. and Imperf.     2.25     9.00

                                  _CURACAO_

  1929    201-3     1-3       500-2gld                         7.75    35.00
  1931    204-11    4-11      20c-2.80gld                      6.25    25.00
  1934    212       12        10c on 20c                       1.00     5.00
          213       13        10c                               .10      .40

                                 _CYRENAICA_

  1932    301-3     1-3       50c-80c                           .30     1.25
          304-6     4-5       50c, 80c                          .15      .60
          307-12    6-11      50c-5L                           1.40     6.00
  1933    313-18    12-17     3L-20L                           5.50    22.00
          319-20    18-19     19L75, 44L75                     6.00    24.00
  1934    321-24    20-23     2L/5L-10L/5L                     1.75     7.00
          325-30    24-29     25c-2L                            .50     2.00
          500-9     30-39     25c/10c-25L/2L                   3.75    15.00
                    100       25L/2L                          17.50    75.00

                               _CZECHOSLOVAKIA_

  1919    601-3     1-2       1k50-4k                         75.00   375.00
  1920    504-6     4-6       14k-28k                          4.50    20.00
          507-9     7-9       14k-28k                          3.50    15.00
  1922    510-12    10-12     50h-250h                          .15      .75
  1930    513-20    13-20     50h-20k                          2.75    11.00

                                   _DANZIG_

  1920    401-3     1-3       40pf-1m                           .25     1.00
  1921    404-9     4-9       40pf-10m                          .30     1.50
  1923    410-22    10-21     40pf-500m                         .40     2.00
          423-27    22-25     250,000m-500,000m                 .10      .50
  1924    428-32    26-30     10pf-2½g                         1.50     6.00
  1932    433-37    31-35     10pf-30pf                        1.85     8.00
  1934              36-40     10c-1g                            .60     2.50

                                  _DENMARK_

  1925-26 701-5     1-5       100-1Kr.                          .80     3.00
  1934    706-10    6-10      100-1Kr.                          .75     3.00

                             _DOMINICAN REPUBLIC_

  1928    501       1         10c                               .35     1.75
  1930    502-5     2-5       10c-30c                          2.00    10.00
          506-9     6-9       10c-30c                          2.00     9.00
          551-7     10-16     5c/5c-10c/10c (6 values)        25.00   125.00
          553       12        10c/10c                        125.00   600.00
  1931    510-15    17-22     10c-1p                           3.50    16.00
  1932    516       23        10c                               .50     2.50
  1933    517       24        10c                               .50     2.50
          518       25        2c                                .05      .20
          519       26        10c                               .15      .60
  1934    520       27        10c                               .15      .60
  1935    521       28        10c                               .15      .60
  1936    522       29        10c                               .15      .60
  1931    601-2     100-1     10c, 20c                        15.00    75.00

                                _DUTCH INDIES_

  1928    551-5     1-5       10c-1½gld                        2.00     9.00
          556-60    6-10      10c-1g50c                        2.75    12.00
  1930    561       11        30c on 40c                        .30     1.50
  1931    562       12        1gld                             1.00     5.00
          563-65    13-15     30c-7½g1d                       11.00    44.00
  1932    566-67    16-17     30c-50c                           .75     3.00
  1933    568       18        30c                               .50

                                  _ECUADOR_

  1929    401-7     8-14      2c-5s                            3.00    15.00
  1929    401-8     8-15      2c-10s                          17.50   100.00
  1930    409-11    27-29     1c-10s                           5.25    21.00
          412-14    30-32     1s-10s                           5.50    25.00
  1929    451-57    100-6     2c-5s                            5.00    25.00
  1929    451-58    100-7     2c-10s                          85.00   400.00
  1930    459-62    108-11    50c-10s                          5.50    22.00
  1935    463-66    33-36     50c-2s                           2.25    10.00
                    37-41     5c-5s                             .80     3.20

                                   _EGYPT_

  1926    251       1         27m                               .40     1.60
  1929    252       2         27m                               .20      .80
  1931    253-4     3-4       50m-100m                         2.75    12.00
  1933    255-74    5-24      1m-200m                          6.50    26.00
          170-4     25-29     5m-20m                            .65     2.75

                                  _ERITREA_

  1934    500-5     1-6       25c-2L                            .50     2.00
          800-9     7-16      25c/10c-25L/2L                   4.00    16.00
                    100       25L/2L                          17.50    75.00

                                  _ESTONIA_

  1920-23 201-3     1-3       5m-15m                            .80     4.00
  1923    204-6     4-6       10m-45m                          3.00    14.00
          207-8     7-8       10m, 20m                         5.00    25.00
  1924    212-16    9-13      5m-45m                            .65     2.75
  1928    218-22    14-18     5m-45m                            .45     2.00

                                  _ETHIOPIA_

  1929    451-61    1-10      1/8m-3t                          2.75    12.00
  1931    462-68    11-17     1g-3t                            2.75    12.00

                                  _FINLAND_

  1930    401       1         10m                              1.25     5.00

                                   _FRANCE_

  1927    351-2     1-2       2F, 5F                           1.25     5.00
  1928    353-4     3-4       10F/90c, 10F/1F50              125.00   650.00
  1930    355       5         1F50                              .15      .75
          356       6         1F50                              .15      .75
  1934    357       7         2F25                              .20      .80
  1936              8-13      85c-3F50                         1.35     5.40

                               _FRENCH GUIANA_

  1933    301-08    1-8       50c-20F                          3.85    15.50

                               _FRENCH MOROCCO_

  1922    501       1         75c                              5.50    35.00
          502-11    2-11      1F-3F                            1.50     6.00
  1928    551-60    12-21     5c-5F                            2.75    11.00
  1929    561-70    22-31     5c-5F                            2.75    11.00
  1931    512-13    32-33     1F-1F50                           .35     1.40
  1933    514-19    34-39     50c-10F                          1.85     7.40
  1935    571       40        1F50/1F50                         .45     2.00

                              _FRENCH OCEANICA_

  1934    250       1         5F                                .45     1.80

                                  _GERMANY_

  1919-23 601-21    1-19      10pf-200m                         .35     1.50
  1924    622-28    20-26     5pf-300pf                        4.50    18.00
  1926    629-36    27-34     5pf-15pf                         3.75    15.00
  1928    637-8     35-36     2m-4m                            4.00    16.00
  1930    639-40    37-38     2m-4m                           10.00    50.00
  1931    641       39        1m                                .60     2.50
          642-44    40-42     1m-4m                           16.00    85.00
  1933    645-47    43-45     1m-4m                            6.00    25.00
  1934    648-58    46-56     5pf-3m                           4.75    19.00
  1936              57        40pf                              .25     1.00
                    58-59     50pf, 75pf                        .65     2.60

                                   _GREECE_

  1926    751-4     1-4       2d-10d                            .30     1.50
  1933    755-7     5-7       30d-120d                         3.50    14.00
  1933    758-64    8-14      50l-50d                          1.50     6.00
          765-71    15-21     50l-50d                          1.50     6.00
  1935    772-80    22-30     1d-100d                          3.10    12.40

                                 _GUATEMALA_

  1929    701-4     1-4       3c-20c                            .75     3.75
          704d      5         5c on 15p                         .50     2.50
          705       6         3c on 2.50p                       .30     1.50
  1930    706       7         6c                                .12      .60
          707-11    8-12      1c-10c                            .40     2.00
  1931    712-13    13-14     4c-6c                             .15      .75
          714-15    15-16     15c-30c                           .75     4.50
          716-18    17-19     2c-15c                           2.00    10.00
  1932    719-23    20-24     2c-15c                            .70     3.50
  1933    724       25        4c                                .10      .40
  1934    725-27    26-28     2c-15c                            .30     1.20
  1935    728-30    29-31     10c-30c                           .75     3.00
  1936    731-39    32-40     2c-1q                            6.50    26.00
          740-50    41-51     1c-1q                            7.50    20.00

                                   _HAITI_

  1929-30 401-4     1-4       25c-1g                            .75     3.75
  1933    405-6     5-6       50c-1g                            .45     1.60
          324       7         60c on 20c                       3.00    12.00
          407-8     8-9       50c-60c                           .35     1.40

                                  _HONDURAS_

  1925    401       1         5c (B)                          25.00   200.00
          402       2         5c (B1)                         75.00   500.00
          403       4         10c (R)                         25.00   200.00
          404       5         10c (B)                        900.00
          405       6         20c (B)                         25.00   200.00
          406       7         20c (B1)                        90.00   600.00
          407       8         50c (B)                        100.00   850.00
          408       9         1p (B)                         200.00 1,500.00
          409       11        25c on 1c (B)                   25.00   200.00
          410       12        25c on 5c (B1)                  50.00   300.00
          411       13        25c on 20c (B1)                 60.00   400.00
  1929              15-19     50c-50c/20c                      6.00    25.00
          412       20        25c on 50c                       2.00    10.00
          413-15    21-23     5c/20c-15c/1p                    3.75    15.00
          416-17    24-25     5c/10c-20c/50c                    .70     3.50
  1930    418       26        5c on 10c (R)                     .15      .75
          419       27        5c on 10c (Y)                  300.00 1,500.00
          420       28        5c on 20c (B1)                  40.00   200.00
          421       29        10c on 20c (B)                    .40     2.00
          422       30        10c on 20c (V)                 300.00 1,500.00
          423       31        25c on 50c (B)                    .40     2.00
          425-27    32-34     5c-20c                            .75     3.75
          428       35        10c on 5c on 20c                  .20     1.00
          429       36        10c on 10c on 20c               50.00   250.00
          430       37        50c on 25c on 1p                 1.25     6.25
          431       38        5c on 20c                         .20     1.00
          432       39        5c on 10c                      300.00 1,500.00
          433       40        5c on 20c                      300.00 1,500.00
          434       41        25c on 50c                     200.00 1,000.00
          435       42        20c on 50c                     500.00 2,500.00
          436       43        50c                               .75     3.75
          438-40    44-46     20c-1p                           1.50     7.50
          441-45    47-51     5c-1p                            2.00     8.50
          446-50              10c-5c/6c                        2.00    10.00
          451-55              5c-1p                            4.50    22.50
          456-59    79-82     15c/20c-15c/1p                   5.50    27.50
          460-63    83-86     15c/20c-15c/50c                  3.60    16.00
          464-72    87-95     1c-1p                            2.50    10.00
          473-75    105-7     15c/2c-15c/10c                    .45     1.50
          476       108       15c on 10c                     125.00   500.00
          477-83    132-38    8c-1L                            1.65     6.50

                                  _HUNGARY_

  1918    951-2     1-2       1k50-4k50                         .50     2.50
  1920    953-5     2-4       3k-12k                            .07      .12
  1924    956-61    5-10      100k-10,000k                      .50     2.50
  1927    962-69    11-18     12f-80f                          1.50     6.00
  1930    970-73    19-22     4f-5p                            4.25    17.00
  1931    974-75    22-23     1p-2p                            1.25     6.25
  1933    976-84    24-32     1Of-5p                           3.75    15.00

                                  _ICELAND_

  1928    301       1         10a                               .08      .40
  1929    302       2         50a                               .20     1.00
  1930    303       3         10a                               .05      .20
          304-8     4-8       15a-1k                           1.00     5.00
  1931    309-11    9-11      30a-2k                           1.00     5.00
  1933    312-14    12-14     5k-10k                           7.00    35.00
  1934    315-20    15-20     10a-2k                           1.40     6.00
  1930    331       100       10a                               .30

                                   _INDIA_

  1929    501-6     1-6       2a-12a                           3.50    15.00

                                 _INDO-CHINA_

  1933    701-14    1-14      1c-10pi                         18.50    75.00

                              _ITALIAN COLONIES_

  1932    301-06    1-6       50c-10L/2L50                     3.85    15.25
          307-11    7-11      50c-5L/1L                        1.35     5.00
          312       12        100L                            12.00    50.00
          400-1     13-14     2L25/1L, 4L50/1L50               1.10     4.40
  1933    313-19    15-21     50c-50L                          3.75    15.00
          320-27    22-29     50c-50L                          4.25    17.00
  1934    328       30        25L                              1.10     4.40
          329-35    31-37     50c-50L                          4.50    18.00

                             _ITALIAN SOMALILAND_

  1934    300-5     1-6       25c-2L                            .50     2.00
  1934    700-9     7-16      25c/10c-25L/2L                   4.00    16.00
                    50        25L/2L                          17.50    70.00

                                   _ITALY_

  1917-28 1001-11   1-11      25c-80c                          1.50     6.00
  1930    1012-16   12-16     50c-5L                           1.10     4.40
          1017-19   17-19     50c-5L/2L                        1.00     4.00
          1020-23   20-23     50c-9L/2L                        1.60     6.40
          1024      24        10L                              1.20     4.80
  1931    1025      25        7L70                             9.00    40.00
  1932    1026-31   26-31     50c-10L/2L50                     3.75    15.00
          1032-36   32-36     50c-5L/1L                        1.35     5.40
          1037-38   37-38     25c-75c                           .15      .60
          1481-82   39-40     2L25/1L, 4L50/1L50               1.20     4.80
          1039      41        100L                            12.00    50.00
          1040-41   42-43     50c, 75c                          .15      .60
  1933    1483      44        2L25                              .30     1.20
          1042-47   45-50     3L-20L                           5.75    23.00
          1048-49   51-52     5L25/19L74, 5L25/44L75          12.00    50.00
          1050-51   53-54     50c/25c, 75c/50c                  .30     1.25
  1934    1052-55   55-58     2L/2L-10L/2L                     1.75     7.00
          1056-61   (59-66)   25c-4L50/2L                      3.00    12.00
          & 1484-5
          1062-65   67-70     50c-10L/5L                       2.75     9.50
          1487      71        2L                                .25     1.00
          1486      72        2L/1L25                           .40     1.60
          1066-72   (73-81)   25c-4L50/2L                      2.75    11.00
          & 1488-89
          1073-78   82-87     1L-10L                           2.25     9.00
          1600      88        50c/50c                           .12      .50
                    89-93     25c-5L/2L                        1.25     5.00
                    94-97     20c-1L25                          .30     1.20
          1261      200       5L25/44L75                      25.00   125.00
          1262      201       10L                              8.50    35.00

                                   _JAPAN_

  1919    451-2     1-2       1½s, 3s                          4.75    20.00
  1929    453-57    3-7       8½s-33s                           .50     2.00
  1934              8         Exhibition sheet of 4            1.00

                                 _JUGOSLAVIA_

  1934    1000-04   1-5       50pa-10d                          .60     2.50
          1005      6         3d                                .25     1.00

                                   _KUWAIT_

  1933-34 200-03    1-4       2a-6a                           13.25    66.25

                                  _LATAKIA_

  1931    301-10    1-10      Op50-100pi                       4.00    16.00
  1933    311       11        Op50                              .03      .15

                                   _LATVIA_

  1921    251-2     1-2       10r, 20r                          .40
          253-4     3-4       10r, 20r                         1.50
  1928    255-7     6-7       10s-25s                           .25
  1930              8-11      10s/20s-15s/30s                 10.00    40.00
  1931    258-60    12-14     10s-25s                           .25
          301-6     15-20     10s/5Os-25s/1.50                 1.10
  1932    307-12    21-26     10s/20s-25s/50s                  3.50
                    27-36     5s/25s-25s/125s                  6.00    28.00
  1933              37-44     2s/52s-20s/70s                   4.00    16.00
                    45-50     3s/53s-35s/135s                  4.00
                    51-58     8s/68s-40s/190s                 10.00    40.00

                                  _LEBANON_

  1924    201-4     1-4       2pi-10pi                         1.75     7.00
          205-8     5-8       2pi-10pi                         1.25     5.00
  1925    209-12    9-12      2pi-10pi                          .35     1.40
  1926    213-16    13-16     2pi-10pi                          .50     2.00
          413-16    17-20     2pi-10pi                          .55     2.75
  1927    217-20    21-24     2pi-10pi                          .40     1.60
  1928    221-24    25-28     2pi-10pi                         1.10     4.50
          225-28    29-32     2pi-10pi                          .40     1.60
          229-32    37-40     2pi-10pi                        35.00   150.00
  1929-30 233-36    41-44     Op50-25pi                        5.50    22.00
          237       45        Op50 on Op75                      .04      .20
          238       46        2Opi on 1p25                      .05      .25
  1930-31 239-48    47-56     Op50-100pi                       4.00    16.00

                                   _LIBIA_

  1928    151-2     1-2       50c, 80c                          .25     1.25

                               _LIECHTENSTEIN_

  1930    401-6     1-6       15rp-1F                          2.25    11.00
  1931    407-8     7-8       1F, 2F                           2.00     9.00
  1934-35 409-13    9-13      10rp-50rp                        1.00     4.00
  1935    414       14        60rp on 1F                        .75     3.75

                                 _LITHUANIA_

  1921    401-7     1-7       2Osk-5auk                        1.25     5.00
          408-14    8-14      2Osk-5auk                         .45     2.50
  1922    415-17    15-17     1auk-5auk                         .25
          418-20    18-20     2auk-10auk                        .60     2.50
          421-31    21-31     10c-1L                           5.00    25.00
  1924    432-35    32-35     20c-1L                            .60     2.40
                    36        20c                             40.00   160.00
          438       37        60c                             30.00   150.00
          551-54    38-41     20c/20c-1L/1L                    1.20     5.00
                    42        60c/60c                         30.00   150.00
  1926    440-42    43-45     20c-60c                           .25     1.00
  1930    443-49    46-52     5c-1L                             .40     1.60
  1932    450-65    53-68     5c-2L                            1.50     6.00
                    69-84     5c-2L                            2.50    10.00
  1933              85-89     20c-2L                          30.00   150.00
                    90-105    5c-2L                            2.75    11.00
  1934              106-21    5c-2L                            2.75    11.00
          466-71    122-27    20c-5L                           3.00    12.00

                                 _LUXEMBURG_

  1931    501-4     1-4       75c-1¾F                           .30     1.25
  1933    505-6     5-6       1F50, 3F                          .30     1.25

                                 _MADAGASCAR_

  1935    300-12    1-13      50c-20F                          8.25    33.00

                                   _MALTA_

  1926    601       1         6p                                .25     1.00

                                   _MEMEL_

  1921    301-7     1-7       60pf/40c-3m/60c                  6.50    27.50
  1922    308-19    8-19      40pf/40c-4m/2F                   5.75    25.00
          320-30    20-29     40pf/40c-9m/5F                    .80     3.25

                                   _MEXICO_

  1922    901a      1         50c                              9.00    45.00
  1927    902       2         50c                               .40     1.75
          901       3         50c                              2.00    10.00
  1928    903       4         25c                               .25     1.00
          905       5         25c                               .15      .60
  1929    906-11    15-20     5c-1p                            1.35     6.00
          913-22    21-28     10c-10p                          8.50    34.00
  1929-30 923-28    29-33     10c-50c                           .60     2.40
          930-31    34-35     20c, 40c                         3.00    15.00
  1930    932       36        10c                               .08      .40
          933-34    37-38     5c, 15c                           .25     1.25
          935-40    39-44     5c-1p                            1.50     7.00
  1931    941       45        25c                               .15      .60
          941a      45a       25c                              3.00    15.00
          942       46        15c/20c                           .75     3.75
          943       47        15c/20c                           .10      .40
  1932    944       48        5c                                .03      .12
          947-51    49-53     5c-50c                           1.00     4.00
          952       59        20c/25c                           .10      .40
          952a      60        20c/25c                          3.00    15.00
          953       61        30c-20c                           .85     4.00
          954       62        40c/25c                           .25     1.00
          955       63        40c/25c                          1.00     5.00
          956       64        30c/20c                           .15      .60
          957       65        80c/25c                           .50     2.00
  1933    958-60    66-68     20c-1p                           3.00    15.00
  1934    961       69        50c                               .30     1.20
          962-69    70-77     20c-20p                         40.00   200.00
          970       78        20c                               .10      .40
          971       79        30c                               .15      .60
          972-79    80-87     5c-5p                            3.25    13.00
  1935    980       88        30c                               .50     2.50
                    89        20c                            200.00 1,000.00
          981       90        20c                               .10      .40
          982       91        40c                               .20      .80
  1929    1151      201       25c                               .40     1.75
          1152      202       25c                               .80     4.00
                    203       25c                              2.50    12.60
          1153-59   204-10    2c-40c                          35.00   175.00
          1160      211       1p                             215.00 1,050.00
  1930    1161      212       20c                               .15      .75
                    213       20c                              4.00    20.00
          1164-68   214-17    20c-70c                          1.00     4.00
  1931    1168      218       15c/20c                           .10      .40
  1932    1169      219       5c                                .03      .12
          1170      220       50c                            125.00   750.00
          1171      221       50c                               .25     1.00
          1172      222       10c                              1.25     5.00
          1173      223       15c                             10.00    50.00
          1174      224       10c                               .05      .20
          1175      225       15c                               .10      .40
          1176      226       20c                               .70     3.00
  1933    1178      227       5c                                .05      .25
          1179      228       20c                               .10      .40
          1180      229       50c                               .25     1.00
  1934    1181      230       10c                               .05      .20
          1182      231       50c                               .30     1.25
          1183      232       10c                              6.00    25.00

                                   _MONACO_

  1933    601 1
          1F50/5C
          .15 .60

                             _MOZAMBIQUE COMPANY_

  1935    165-74    1-10      5c-80c                            .25     1.00
          250-64    11-25     5c-20E                           2.75    11.00

                                _NETHERLANDS_

  1921    701-3     1-3       10c-60c                          1.50     7.50
  1928    704-5     4-5       40c-75c                          1.15     5.75
  1929    706-8     6-8       1½gld-7½gld                     12.00    50.00
  1931    709       9         36c                               .35     1.50
  1933    710       10        30c                               .45
  1935    409       11        6c/4c                             .10      .40

                               _NEW CALEDONIA_

  1932    164-65    1-2       40c, 50c                        35.00   175.00
  1933    171-96    3-28      1c-30F                           6.25    26.00

                                _NEWFOUNDLAND_

  1919    501       1         3c                           1,500.00
          502       3         $1 on 15c                        8.00    50.00
  1921    503       4         35c (2¾mm spacing)               5.00
          503       5         35c (1½mm spacing)              10.00
  1927    504       6         60c                          3,000.00
  1930    505       7         50c on 36c                     350.00
  1931    506-8     8-10      15c-$1 Unwmkd.                   3.75    18.75
          509-11    11-13     15c-$1 Wmkd.                     4.75    22.50
  1932    512       14        $1.50 on $1                      6.50    32.50
  1933    513-17    15-19     5c-75c                           6.00    24.00
          518       20        $4.50 on 75c                     8.00    40.00

                                 _NEW GUINEA_

  1931    101-13    1-13      ½p-£1                           13.50    65.00
          114-27    14-27     ½p-£1                           17.50    85.00
  1932    128-41    28-41     ½p-£1                           12.00    60.00
  1934    142-43    42-43     2½p, 3½p                          .15      .60
  1935    144-45    44-45     £2, £5                          37.50   150.00

                                _NEW ZEALAND_

  1931    301-3     1-3       3p-7p                             .40     2.00
          304       4         5p on 3p                          .25     1.25
  1934    305       5         7p                                .50     2.00
  1935    306-8     6-8       1p-6p                             .40     1.60

                                 _NICARAGUA_

  1929    1001-3    1-3       25c, 25c, 25c                    1.25     5.00
          1004-6    4-6       25c-1C                           2.50    10.00
  1930    1007-8    7-8       15c/25c, 20c/25c                  .65     3.00
  1931    1009-12   9-12      15c/25c-20c/25c                 60.00   300.00
          1013-16   14-17     15c/20c/25c-15c/1C              35.00   175.00
          1017-18   18-19     15c, 20c                          .50     2.00
  1932    1020-24   20-24     15c-1C                           4.25    20.00
          1025-28   25-29     30c/50c-55c/1C                   8.00    32.00
          1029      30        15c                              3.00    14.00
          1030      31        8c/1C                            2.25    10.00
          1031-45   32-48     1c-40c/1C (15 values)           10.00    50.00
                    38        15c                             15.00    75.00
                    39        20c                             15.00    75.00
          1046-47   49-50     1c, 2c                           5.00    20.00
          1049-62   51-65     1c/2c-$1/1C (14 values)          5.00    20.00
                    63        40c/50c                         20.00   100.00
          1063a     66        $1/2c                           50.00   250.00
                    67        $1/1C                           50.00   250.00
          1063      68        $1/1C                           75.00   375.00
          1063b     69        24c/25c                          4.00    20.00
          1063c     70        25c/25c                          4.00    20.00
          1064-68   71-75     15c-100c                         4.00    20.00
          1069-73   76-80     15c-100c                         4.00    20.00
  1933    1074-84   81-91     1c-1C                            4.50    25.00
          1085-88   92-95     10c-50c                          3.50    15.00
          1089-1102 96-109    1c/2c-$1/1C                      4.25    17.00
          1103-6    1101-3    30c/50c-55c/1C                   2.00     8.00
          1107      114       10c/20c                           .15      .60
                    115       10c/20c                         35.00   175.00
  1935    1108      116       10c/25c                           .15      .60
          1108e     117       10c/25c                         10.00    50.00
  1936    1109-17   118-27    10c/25c-1C                      45.00   225.00
                    128-37    10c/25c-1C                       4.50    18.00
          1118-31   138-51    1C/2c-1C/1C                      4.00    16.00
          1132      152       10c/20c                         20.00   100.00
  1929              301       25c                             15.00    75.00
          1201      302       25c                               .40     1.75
          1202      303       50c                               .70     3.50
  1932    1203-9    304-9     15c-1C (5 values)                2.40    10.00
          1205      306       20c                            125.00   600.00
          1210      310       25c                             15.00    75.00
  1933    1211-15   311-15    15c-1C                           2.65    10.60
          1216-20   316-20    15c-1C                          50.00   250.00
                    321-25    15c-1C                           2.65    10.60

                                   _NORWAY_

  1925    120-6     1-7       2o-25o                            .85     4.00
  1927    501       8         45o                               .25     1.25

                                   _PANAMA_

  1928    256-7     1-2       2c, 5c                            .20     1.00
  1929    701       3         25c on 10c                        .60     3.00
          702-4     4-6       10c-25c/20c                       .75     3.75
  1930    705       7         5c on 10c                         .10      .50
          706       8         1B                               1.75     8.00
          708-10    9-11      15c-25c                           .90     4.50
          711-15    12-16     5c-1B                            2.75    11.00
  1931    716       17        5c                                .20     1.00
  1932    717       18        20c on 25c                        .30     1.50
  1934    718       19        20c                               .30     1.50
  1935    719       20        10c on 20c                        .15      .60

                                   _PAPUA_

  1929              1         3p (Harrison ptg.)              10.00    50.00
                    2         3p (Cooke ptg.)                   .25     1.25
          201       3         3p (Ash ptg.)                     .20     1.00
  1930    203-4     4-5       6p, 1sh (Harrison ptg.)          3.50    17.50
          202-4     6-8       3p-1sh (Ash ptg.)                 .50     2.00

                                  _PARAGUAY_

  1929    400-2     1-3       2.85p-11.30p                      .90     4.50
          404-6     4-6       3.40p-17p                        4.00    20.00
          407-9     7-9       2.85p-11.30p                      .75     3.75
          410-15    10-15     95c-17p                          1.75     8.75
          416-19    16-19     95c-1.90p                         .25     1.25
  1929-30 420-21    20-21     6.80p-6.80p                       .60     3.00
  1930    422-31    22-30     5c-10p                           5.00    25.00
          432-34    31-33     2.85p-4.75p                       .45     2.25
          435-36    34-35     3c/70c, 20c/1p                    .30     1.50
  1930-31 437-39    36-38     2.85p-11.30p                      .50     2.50
  1931    440-44    39-43     1p-10p                            .75     2.75
          445-46    44-45     3p/4p, 4p                         .50     2.75
          447-51    46-50     5c-80c                            .10      .50
  1932    452-56    51-55     4p-20p                           1.90     9.00
  1933    457-60    56-59     5c-80c                            .10      .50
          461-65    60-64     4.50p-45p                        2.75    13.00
          466-69    65-68     5c-80c                            .10      .50
  1934    470       69        33.75p                            .90     4.00
          471-75    70-74     4.50p-45p                        2.00    10.00
  1935    476       75        10c                               .05      .20
          477       76        20c                               .05      .20
          478       77        10p                               .10      .40
          479-83    78-82     4.50p-45p                        1.75     7.50
          484       83        5c                                .05      .20
          485       84        40c                               .05      .20
          486       85        17p                               .15      .60
          487       86        33.75p                            .50     2.00
          488       87        102p                             1.50     6.00
          489       88        17p                               .15      .60

                                   _PERSIA_

  1927    1101-16   1-16      1c-30k                          40.00   200.00
  1928    1117-21   17-21     3k-3t                            8.50    45.00
  1929    1122-28   22-28     1c-2k                             .65     2.60
          1129-33   29-33     3k-30k                           9.00    47.50
  1930    1134-50   34-50     1c-3t                           10.00    50.00
  1935    1151-67   51-67     1c-3t                            7.50    30.00

                                    _PERU_

  1927    801       1         50c (1st. ptg.)                 10.00    50.00
                    2         50c (2nd ptg.)                   3.00    15.00
  1928    802       2         50c                               .50     2.50
  1932    803       3         50c                              1.50     6.00
  1934    804-5     4-5       2s, 5s                           2.50    10.00
  1935    806-12    6-12      5c-10s                          14.00    90.00

                                _PHILIPPINES_

  1926    305-14    1-10      2c-30c                          24.00   120.00
          316       11        2p                              50.00   250.00
          317       12        4p                             100.00   500.00
          318       13        10p                            160.00   900.00
          310a      14        16c (Violet)                   175.00
          310b      15        16c (Red)                      200.00
          318a      16        26c                            200.00
          318b      17        1p                              17.50    85.00
  1928    328-38    18-28     2c-1p                           14.00    70.00
  1932    361-67    29-35     2c-32c                           4.50    20.00
  1933    370-79    36-45     2c-30c                           3.00    20.00
          601-6     46-51     2c-32c                           1.00     4.00
  1935    607-8     52-53     10c, 30c                         1.00     4.50

                                   _POLAND_

  1925    401-9     1-9       1g-45g                            .50     2.50
  1932    410       10        30g                               .10      .40
  1934    411-12    11-12     20g, 30g                          .40     1.75

                                  _PORTUGAL_

  1923    266-81    1-16      1c-2e                             .90     4.00

                                  _ROUMANIA_

  1928    501-3     1-3       1L-5L                             .20     1.00
          504-6     4-6       1L-5L                             .15      .75
  1930    507-9     7-9       1L-5L                             .30     1.50
          510-12    10-12     1L-5L                           12.50    62.50
          513-16    13-16     1L-10L                            .30     1.50
  1931    517-21    17-21     2L-20L                            .60     3.00
          594-96    22-24     50b-2L                            .10      .40
  1932    612-14    25-27     50b-2L                            .08      .32
          769-70    28-29     1L, 2L                            .05      .20

                                   _RUSSIA_

  1922    701       10        45r                               .20      .80
  1923    702-5     11-14     1r-10r                           1.10     4.50
  1924    706-9     15-18     5k-20k                            .30     1.20
  1927    710-11    19-20     10k, 15k                          .30     1.25
  1930    712-13    21-22     40k, 80k                         1.50     7.50
          713a-13b  25-26     40k, 80k                        35.00   175.00
  1931    714-18    27-31     10k-1r                           2.50    10.00
          719-23    32-36     10k-1r                           2.50    10.00
          724       37        50k                              6.00    30.00
          725-27    38-41     30k-2r                           4.50    18.00
          729-32    42-45     30k-2r                           4.50    18.00
  1932    733-34    46-47     50k, 1r                          2.00     8.00
  1933    735       48        15k                               .20      .80
          736-38    49-51     5k-20k                            .45     1.80
          739-43    52-56     5k-80k                           2.00     8.00
          744-48    57-61     5k-80k                           2.00     8.00
  1934    749-51    62-64     5k-20k                            .50     2.00
          752-56    65-69     5k-30k                           1.10     4.50
  1935    757-66    70-79     1k-50k                           2.00     8.00
          767       80        1r on 10k                        5.00    20.00

                                    _SAAR_

  1928    501-2     1-2       50c, 1F                           .25     1.25
  1932    503-4     3-4       60c, 5F                          1.25     5.00
  1934    505-8     5-8       50c-5F                           2.25    14.00

                                  _SALVADOR_

  1929    650,      1, 3-6    20c-50c/1C                       2.00    10.00
          52-55
          651       2         20c                            125.00   750.00
  1930    656-59    7-10      20c-50c/1C                       1.00     5.00
          660-63    11-14     15c-40c                           .70     3.50
          665-68    15-18     15c-40c                          4.50    25.00
  1931    669       19        1C                                .70     3.50
          670-73    20-23     15c-40c                          2.60    12.50
  1932    674-77    24-27     15c-40c                          1.00     5.00
  1933    678-82    28-32     15c-1C                           1.50     7.50
  1934    683-85    33-35     25c-1C                           1.00     4.00
  1935    686-90    36-40     15c-1C                           3.00    15.00
          691-95    41-45     15c-1C                           2.00    10.00
          696       46        30c                               .20      .80
  1936    697-701   47-51     10c-30c                           .65     2.60

                                 _SAN MARINO_

  1931    401-10    1-10      50c-10L                          5.00    20.00
  1933    411-16    11-16     3L-20L                           8.00    32.00

                                  _SENEGAL_

  1935    400-10    1-11      25c-15F                          4.10    17.00

                                    _SIAM_

  1925    401-8     1-8       2s-1b                           10.00    50.00
  1930    409-12    9-12      2s-15s                            .40     1.75

                             _SOUTH WEST AFRICA_

  1930    501-2     1-2       4p, 1sh                          1.00     5.00
          503-4     3-4       4p, 1sh                           .75     3.75
  1931    506-9     5-8       3p-10p                           1.25     5.00

                                   _SPAIN_

  1920    701-5     1-6       5c-1p (5 values)                  .50     2.00
  1926    1301-5    7-11      5c-1p                             .40     2.00
          1014-18   12-16     15c-4p                           1.00     5.00
  1927    1047-51   17-23     15c-4p (5 values)                1.75    10.00
          1048a     19        20c                             20.00   100.00
          1049a     21        30c                             20.00   100.00
          1053-57   24-28     5c-1p                             .95     4.75
          1058-61   29-32     75c/5c-75c/50c                   3.00    17.00
  1929    706-11    33-39     5c-4p (6 values)                 1.80     9.50
                    38        1p                             100.00   500.00
                    40        10c                             25.00   125.00
  1930    712-17    41-46     5c-4p                             .60     2.40
          718-30,   47-61     5c-10p (14 values)               1.90     7.60
          801
          801a      62        20c                             25.00   100.00
          431-32    63-68     5c-10p (12 values)               1.60     6.40
                    65        5c                              15.00    60.00
                    68        15c                             15.00    60.00
          737a      73        30c                              3.00    12.00
                    76        1p                              10.00    40.00
          742a      79        10p                              5.00    20.00
          743-49    80-88     5c-4p (7 values)                 1.30     5.20
                    84        50c                              3.00    12.00
                    87        4p                              10.00    40.00
          750-57    89-97     5c-4p (8 values)                  .80     3.20
                    95        1p                               2.00     8.00
  1931    758-61    98-101    5c-50c                          10.00    50.00
          765-70    102-7     5c-4p                             .40     1.60
                    108-13    5c-4p                            4.50    20.00
          771-75    114-18    5c-1p                            3.25    15.00
  1932              119-26    5c-5c                            8.00    32.00
                    127       2p                                .35     1.40
          901-07    300-06    5c-4p                            2.55    11.00
                    307-12    5c-4p                            4.50    20.00

                                   _SUDAN_

  1931    401-4     1-3       5m-2pi                            .30     1.50
          405-13    4-11      5m-5pi                           6.00    30.00
  1932    414       12        2½pi on 2pi                       .60     3.00
  1933    415-16    13-14     3m, 2½pi                          .20     1.00
  1934-35 417-22    16-21     15m-10pi                         4.00    20.00
          423-24    22-23     7½p, 10p                         1.20     4.80

                                  _SURINAM_

  1930    501-7     1-7       10c-1½gld                        4.00    16.00
  1931    508-14    8-14      10c-1½gld                       10.00    45.00

                                   _SWEDEN_

  1920    501-3     1-3       10o-50o                           .75     3.50
          504       4         20o on 2o                      350.00 2,500.00
          505       5         50o on 4c                       25.00   175.00
  1930    506-7     6-7       10o, 50o                          .25     1.00

                                _SWITZERLAND_

  1919    275       1         50c                               .75     3.75
          276       2         30c                              2.50    12.50
  1923    277-82    3-8       15c-50c                          1.10     5.50
  1924    283-85    9-11      65c-1F                           1.15     5.70
  1925    286       12        20c                               .10      .50
  1929    287-88    13-14     35c, 40c                          .35     1.75
  1930    289       15        2F                                .90     4.00
  1932    290-92    16-18     15c-90c                           .60     3.00
  1935    293-94    19-20     10c/15c, 10c/15c                  .20      .80

                                   _SYRIA_

  1920    301-3     1-3       1pi-10pi                       125.00   750.00
  1921    304-6     4-6       1pi-10pi                       175.00 1,200.00
          307-9     7-9       1pi-10pi                        30.00   150.00
  1922    310-13    10-13     2pi-10pi                         4.50    22.50
  1923    314-17    14-17     2pi-10pi                         8.00    40.00
  1924    318-21    18-21     2pi-10pi                          .75     3.75
          322-25    22-25     2pi-10pi                          .90     4.00
  1925    326-29    26-29     2pi-10pi                          .45     2.25
  1926    330-33    30-33     2pi-10pi                          .35     1.75
          513-16    38-41     2pi-10pi                          .60     3.00
  1929    334-37    42-45     Op50-15p/25p                      .75     3.00
  1930    338-44    46-52     Op50-25p                         1.25     6.25
          345       53        2pi on 1p25                       .10      .50
  1931-33 346-56    54-64     Op50-100p                        4.00    16.00
  1934    357-66    65-74     Op50-100p                       10.00    50.00

                                _TANNA TOUVA_

  1934    1-9       1k-2t     3.50                            14.00

                                _TRIPOLITANIA_

  1930    601-3     1-3       50c-5L/2L                        1.00     4.00
          604-7     4-7       50c-9L/2L                        1.60     6.40
  1931    608-14    8-14      50c-5L                           1.20     4.80
          801       15        50c                               .20     1.00
          615-19    16-20     50c-5L/2L                        1.40     5.75
  1932    620       21        75c                               .10      .40
          802-5     22-25     50c-5L/2L                        1.50     6.00
  1933    806-11    26-31     50c-10L/2L50                     2.60    10.50
          621-26    32-37     3L-20L                           5.75    23.00
          627-28    38-39     19L75,44L75                      6.00    24.00
  1934    629-32    40-43     2L/5L-10L/5L                     1.75     7.00
          633-37,   44-50     50c-4L50/1L                      6.50    26.00
          700-1
          638-42,   51-57     50c-4L50/1L                      4.00    16.00
          702-3
          812-21    58-67     25c/10c-20L/2L                   4.00    16.00
          643-48    68-72     25c-2L                            .50     2.50
  1935    822-27    73-78     25c/10c-10L/5L                   3.00    12.00
  1934              200       25L/2L                          17.50    75.00

                                   _TUNIS_

  1919    201       1         30c on 35c                        .20     1.00
  1920    202       2         30c                               .15      .75
  1927    203-6     3-6       1F-1F75/5F                       1.00     4.00
  1928    207-9     7-9       1F30-2F55                         .45     2.00
  1930    210-12    10-12     1F50/1F30-1F50/2F55               .50     2.00

                                   _TURKEY_

  1934    1700-4    1-5       7½ku-40ku                        1.50     6.00

                           _UNION OF SOUTH AFRICA_

  1925    501-4     1-4       1p-9p                            5.00    25.00
  1929    505-6     5-6       4p, 1sh                           .65     3.25

                                  _URUGUAY_

  1921    601       1         25c                              2.50    12.50
          602       2         25c                               .75     3.00
          603       3         25c                               .75     3.00
                    4         25c                            400.00 2,500.00
  1924    604-6     4-7       6c-20c                           1.00     6.00
  1925    607-8     8-9       14c, 14c                         7.00    35.00
          609       10        45c (used only)                  2.00    50.00
  1926    610-13    11-14     6c-25c                            .65     2.75
  1928    614-25    15-26     10c-3.80p                       19.00    95.00
          626-37    27-38     8c-4.50p                        20.00   100.00
  1929    638       39        4c                                .25     1.25
  1930    639-42    40-43     1c-6c                             .25     1.25
          643-55    44-56     8c-4.50p                        20.00   100.00
  1931    656       57        50c                               .70     3.50
  1932    657-60    58-62     1c-6c                             .20      .80
  1933    661-62    62-63     17c, 36c                         2.25
  1935    663-82    64-83     15c-5p                          16.00    64.00

                                 _VENEZUELA_

  1930    401-14    1-15      5c-3.70b (14 values)             6.00    25.00
          405a      6         40c                            150.00   750.00
          415-16    30-31     10b, 20b                        10.50    42.00
  1932    417-40    34-57     5c-20b                          30.00   120.00
  1930              201-16    5c-20b                          15.00    75.00




             EMIL BRUECHIG, 522 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK, N. Y.

The purchase of mounted air mail collections remains the most economical
and quickest way to achieve a good showing of these stamps. For this
reason, we always carry a complete selection of collections, ranging in
price from $40.00 upward, all carefully mounted in Scott Air Post
Albums. Below we list a few representative items from our stock which we
shall be glad to show for examination at our New York office, or send on
approval after proper references have been submitted.

                             * * * * * * *

  Collection #1—(contains over 400 stamps)                          $40.00
  Collection #2—(contains over 600 stamps)                         $100.00
  Collection #3—(contains over 800 stamps)                         $150.00
  Collection #4—(contains over 1100 stamps)                        $500.00
  Collection #5—(contains over 2200 stamps)                      $1,375.00
  Collection #6—(contains 2,833 stamps, representing over 98%    $5,400.00
      of all air mail stamps issued up to the present time.)


Proper mounting and lettering enhances the appearance of your collection
and means much toward its success when competing against others at an
exhibition.

As we specialize in air mail stamps, a great fund of knowledge has been
gathered concerning these issues. We can, therefore, offer our clients
the opportunity to have their collections “written up” with interesting
and accurate descriptions, and skillfully mounted in loose-leaf albums.

          _We solicit your inquiries regarding this service._

                            * * * * * * * *

As we have agents in all corners of the world, our facilities for
obtaining the new issues are unexcelled. Our service is an
individualized one, for our customers can specify any requirements they
choose. Whether they desire to restrict their purchases to certain
countries, or to limit them to a definite price range, they will find us
ready to meet these varying demands with exactitude.

In many cases, we are able to acquire certain issues through our network
of agents that quickly command premiums, and these savings alone, which
we pass on to our customers, pay the slight charge for subscribing to
our new issue service.




                      _We carry a complete line of
                            Air Post Albums
                            and Accessories_

_Illustrated below are the popular albums manufactured by the Scott
Stamp & Coin Company, a distinguished selection to fit the purse of all
collectors._

         Loose Leaf with Two Spring Back Binders (Illustrated)

    [Illustration: Loose leaf binders]

Two spring back binders, with maroon colored Fabrikoid back and corners,
maroon cloth sides. High grade linen ledger pages, linen hinged. Printed
on one side only with artistic border and individual spaces for each
stamp. Statistical data including dates of issue and historical
information on outstanding flights.

 De Luxe Edition                                          $15.00 (12 lbs.)
 Pages only                                                 7.50 (6 lbs.)
 Binder only, each                                          4.00 (4 lbs.)
 Blank Pages, with heading, Covers, Semi-Official,   25 for 1.50 (3 lbs.)
     or no heading, for De Luxe Edition
 Loose Leaf, Hinged-Post Edition (not illus.)              $5.00 (8 lbs.)
 Pages only                                                 3.50 (5 lbs.)
 Binder only                                                2.00 (4 lbs.)
 Blank Pages, with headings, Covers, Semi-Official    25 for .40 (2 lbs.)
     or no heading

    [Illustration: _The International_ AIRPOST ALBUM]

A handsome and practical album at a low price. Provides spaces for all
Air Post stamps issued up to January 1, 1936. Pages printed on both
sides. Bound in red cloth, attractively stamped in black.
                                                                   $1.00




                          Transcriber’s Notes


—Silently corrected a few typos.

—Retained publication information from the printed edition: this eBook
  is public-domain in the country of publication.

—In the text versions only, text in italics is delimited by
  _underscores_.







End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The History and Romance of Air Mail
Stamps, by Emil Bruechig

